Give it back!
You won't put no makeup
Brother's favorite perfume is for Yan Qi
Don't talk nonsense, can you give it back to me?
Although you can deceive Yan Qing, you can't deceive me
What are you talking about? I don't understand.
Stop pretending
You are treating Yan Ting as a substitute for Xiuyuan
You love Xiuyuan, not Yan Ting
Are you worthy of Brother Yan Ting?
Don't talk nonsense
What about the paternity test?
How do you know that?
I guessed it right
Don't think I don't know what's on your mind
You just want to find a father for your bastard
Because Yan Ting looks like Xiu Yuan
So you faked the paternity test
Want to rely on Yanting, right? I don't have it.
Without you, you dare to say that what you love now is only Yan Ting
Instead of a blood-stained stand-in?
Su Ran
In order to make Yan Ting a stand-in for Xiuyuan
It's unscrupulous
This is crazy.
I'll tell you what.
Six years ago, you stole Xiuyuan
Today, six years later, I won't let you succeed again
Get out of the Holy Buddha for me now
Leave Xiuyuan
Or I'll make you die ugly